Obligatory Weapon Descriptions For ww-doomnukem (Accessories To Murder)

1. SLEDGE HAMMER
Big, heavy, cast-iron mallets have always enjoyed their time in the sun. With this sledgehammer, you could be a bumper car, bumping...this amusement never ends. As is typical with sledgehammers, your only real attack is a heavy overhead swing; The Mjolnir Device powers it up with HOLY THUNDER, but much like the Berserk it replaces, this only lasts for one level.

2. Marston KP-8 10mm Handgun
The KP-8, the first ever "crowd-sourced" gun design to reach the market (legally, anyway) was originally spawned from a hobbyist's 3D printing project. When early tests proved promising, and the resulting Youtube videos went viral, the designer declared his gun blueprints "open source" and uploaded them to a torrent site. From there, Marston Arms obtained the torrented blueprint of the gun and manufactured their own full-metal version. It is a simple but effective pistol chambered for 10mm Auto, which is just slightly too large to fit effectively into a double-stack magazine without risk of jamming, leaving its magazine size at a mere 10 rounds. A court injunction against Marston Arms over their refusal to release their blueprints under the GNU GPL is still pending to this day.

2b. TAIGA 88 Room-Sweeping Revolver
The TAIGA, named for famous semi-pro underground martial artist Saejima Taiga, is a hefty revolver (one can scarcely call it a handgun) that is chambered for a special .50 round that is illegal in many countries due to its "blooming" characteristics. Fortunately, no such laws against .50 "Dum-Dum" munitions are in effect beyond Earth space, leading private security forces to adopt the TAIGA for its outstanding stopping power and relatively concealable frame. Unfortunately, due to the manufacturer having to thread its ammo production through numerous loopholes, boxes of ammo tend to be in very short supply. Despite being a double-action revolver, it is still possible - for poseurs and fans of Clint Eastwood films - to "fan the hammer" at the expense of accuracy.

3. Maxwell Labs 1-2 Special
"The Ol' One-Two," as it's known among homestead owners and residents of the American South, is a double-barreled shotgun primarily intended for hunting large game such as deer, bison, and buffalo. It was famously over-produced when a Maxwell employee mistakenly wrote one production order for "10000 units" when he had been ordered to enter "100." As a result, Maxwell Labs warehouses are constantly full-to-bursting with these shotguns, driving their market price down to a mere fifth of the original cost of production. Maxwell Labs filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy and never did find a buyer for the remaining 9,900 shotguns, and were forced to fire-sale them at steep discounts to security firms, PMCs, and "Mad Max" cosplayers, where they enjoyed some popularity.

3b. M2097 "Bicentennial"
Winchester's famous "trench gun" resumed production in 2097, the two-hundredth anniversary of its invention. It is much the same as the weapon on which it was based, even down to the wood handle and stock. It does not, however, have a bayonet lug, as bayonets for it had ceased production decades prior. The trench gun is far more powerful and accurate than the double-barrel, at the expense that it is somewhat slower and much harder to use in close quarters due to its relative lack of spread. It can, however, be used as a very effective distance weapon, when aiming down the sights. Just aim low.

4. Kurdd & Schaumers R90-PCW Assault Rifle
Developed for the Interstellar Marine Corps' "Planetary Surface Combat Weapon" (PCW) trials in 2101, the R-90 maintains the same basic operations as Fabrique Nationale's SCAR, with obvious improvements to weapon handling through use of new materials and manufacturing processes. The receiver and foregrips are made from dust-repellant "Polymetal", the bolt and barrel underwent a new process intended to allow the metal to withstand temperatures in excess of several thousand degrees, and the lenses of the K&S proprietary OP-700 holographic sights are precision-machined from a special Rubedo-Plastid alloy. The non-adjustable stock contains cutting-edge shock absorbers, making the weapon very controllable under full automatic fire, while the 6.8x40mm round delivers stopping power without expense of accuracy.

5. CORBEX @99 Emplaced Miniature Anti-Tank Weapon (EMAW)
The "At-99", another unfortunate victim of CORBEX's focus-group-driven marketing push, is by all respects a good weapon for suppressive fire against heavy vehicles. Its oversized box magazines carry eight mini-missiles, each payloaded with enough explosive to "turn the company car into confetti" (Editor's Note: CORBEX executives deny having used company cars as test targets), the EMAW is actually designed to mount on vehicles or other locations of strategic importance. However, a recent action film depicted its hero carrying and firing it like a rifle, sparking endless debates and arguments among internet users over whether it's really "realistic" to do so.

6. Makoto Arms SOBAT 17.5 Infantry-Fighting Rotary Cannon
Ever the purveyor of unfortunately flawed yet oddly useful weaponry, Makoto Arms' SOBAT 17.5 is an updated version of their previous .50BMG "mountable" machine gun, which infamously shipped without its mounting brackets, making it impossible to mount on tripods or vehicles as it was designed to do. After the overwhelming feedback and very negative reviews suffered by the SOBAT 17, the 17.5 was rushed to market as its replacement, this time chambered not for .50BMG, but a special 4x20mm bullet designed for low recoil at very high fire rates, with individual 4x20mm cartridges actually cast with built-in spacer chains. Despite the SOBAT 17.5 sporting superior performance over the 17 in terms of fire rate and suppressive capabilities, Makoto's design executives once again forgot to include the mounting bracket on the weapon's lower receiver, making it all but useless...if not for the fact that it, like the @99 before, scored a "starring" role in the same action film as the protagonist's weapon of choice, even though it's pretty obvious that the weapon is being powered by a 100-foot extension cable hidden inside the actor's pant leg. Even still, at least one country has adopted the SOBAT as an emplaced gun (with the aid of a specially designed and deceptively expensive mounting kit) and designated the R-51.

7. Bergmann Field Generator
A recent development by a government-sponsored arms company (whose name is classified Top Secret --editor), this highly experimental weapon uses a newly-discovered scientific phenomenon known as the "Bergmann Effect." Named for CERN physicist Dr. Albrecht Bergmann, the Bergmann Effect refers to the (very) brief existence of a man-made antimatter field, as the result of the forced collision of bosonic particles and an appropriate catalyst. Initially, such effects could only be replicated on equipment several miles in size, but the past few decades have resulted in a working prototype of a smaller, slightly more manageable variant. The Bergmann Field Generator can create a Bergmann Effect at will, though it should be noted that, prior to the...incident, the only living scientist who has managed to use the device and survive was Dr. Bergmann himself, and he is now retired. So...we have no idea if the thing will have the same result for you.